
90% of people text things that they can't say in person.
The way an individual treats the employees at an establishment tells immensely about their character. 
Smart people underestimate themselves, whereas ignorant people think they are brilliant.
Hearing a single negative thing could damage at least five positive memories. 
Feeling ignored by anyone causes the same chemical effect as that of an injury.
We can only remember 3-4 things at one time.
Eye pupil rises to 45% when an individual looks at somebody they love. 
A lot of problems would be solved if we talk to each other rather than talking about each other.
Dopamine makes ypu addicted to seeking information.
The right ear is better at hearing speeches and the left one is better at hearing music.
If you are not able  to recall something, just close your eyes and see the miracle.
The way a person treats restaurant staff reveals a lot about their character.
Intelligent people tend to have fewer friends than the average person. The smarter the person is, the more selective they become.
Being alone for a long time is as bad for your health as smoking 15 cigarettes a day.
The smarter the person, the faster he thinks and the sloppier his handwriting is.
Doing things that scare you will make you happier.
People who hide their feelings usually care the most.
You are in an endless pursuit of human faces in inanimate objects. 
People who generally give the best exercise are usually the ones with the most problems.
Your Worst Battle is between What you know and what you feel.
Any friendship that was born in the period between 16 and 28 years of age is more likely to be robust and long lasting.
Your decisions are more rational when thought in another language.
Receiving rewards could convince you that a boring task was fun.
Good liars are also the good ones in detecting lies of others.
There is a reason why that song is your favorite.
The more you spend on others, the happier you feel.
Sarcasm promotes creativity.
The type of music you listen affects the way you perceive the world.
Convincing yourself that you slept well tricks your brain into thinking it did.
You Can Only Remember 3 to 4 Things At A Time
You Imagine Objects From Above and Tilted (The “Canonical Perspective”)
You Actually Can’t Multi-Task.
Dopamine Makes You Addicted To Seeking Information
If you announce your goals to others, you are less likely to make them happen because you lose motivation, studies confirmed.
Decisions are made both on the conscious and unconscious level. When the two decisions don’t agree with each other, we experience anxiety.
A study found that morning people are happier and more satisfied with life overall than night owls.
Sitting straight up is bad for your back. You should slouch at an angle of 135 degrees.
The “sixth sick sheikh’s sixth sheep’s sick” is said to be the toughest tongue twister in the English language.
Everyone has experienced something that has changed them in a way that they could never go back to the person they once were.
An average human being has multiple dreams per night of various situations and intensities, but most often only the most deeply connected are remembered.
Being called “baby” has a positive effect on the female brain, causing instant emotional stress relief.
Women are naturally better liars than men. They are also better at detecting lies.
You keep a lot to yourself because it’s difficult to find people who understand.
The pupil of your eye expands up to 45% when you look at someone you love.
Whoever is trying to bring you down is already below you.
You seem to think more about a specific individual than about catastrophic events. 
A study found that people born in May have the lowest risk of illness and disease, while those born in October have the highest.
Love is invisible. It can’t be seen or measured, yet it is powerful enough to transform you in a moment.
Yellow teeth are stronger. The natural colour of our teeth is a light yellow colour. Whitening your teeth can permanently weaken them.
Some people aren’t actually antisocial. They’re just very selective when it comes with the people they associate with.
Your decision is more rational when thought in another language.
During the 7 minutes of neural activity you will have before dying, you will see your memories in a dreamlike pattern. 
An average individual’s mind wanders 30% of the time.
